In the villa of Ormen
Stands a solitary candle
In the centre of it all
Your eyes
On the day of execution
Only women kneel and smile
At the centre of it all
Your eyes
In the villa of Ormen
Stands a solitary candle
At the centre of it all
Your eyes
Something happened
on the day he died
Spirit rose a metre
and stepped aside
Somebody else took his place,
and bravely cried
(I'm a blackstar,
I'm a blackstar)
How many times
does an angel fall?
How many people lie
instead of talking tall?
He trod on sacred ground,
he cried loud into the crowd
(I'm a blackstar,
I'm a blackstar,
I'm not a gangstar)
I can't answer why
(I'm a blackstar)
Just go with me
(I'm not a filmstar)
I'ma take you home
(I'm a blackstar)
Take your passport and shoes
(I'm not a popstar)
And your sedatives, boo
(I'm a blackstar)
You're a flash in the pan
(I'm not a marvel star)
I'm the great I AM
(I'm a blackstar)
I'm a blackstar,
way up, on money, I've got game
I see right, so wide,
so open-hearted pain
I want eagles in my daydreams,
diamonds in my eyes
(I'm a blackstar,
I'm a blackstar)
Something happened
on the day he died
Spirit rose a metre
then stepped aside
Somebody else took his place,
and bravely cried
(I'm a blackstar,
I'm a star's star,
I'm a blackstar)
I can't answer why
(I'm not a gangstar)
But I can tell you how
(I'm not a flam star)
We were born upside-down
(I'm a star's star)
Born the wrong way 'round
(I’m not a white star)
I'm a blackstar,
I'm not a gangstar
I'm a blackstar
I'm not a pornstar,
I'm not a wandering star
I'm a blackstar,
I’m a blackstar
In the villa of Ormen
Stands a solitary candle
At the centre of it all
Your eyes
On the day of execution
Only women kneel and smile
At the centre of it all
Your eyes